Will this person talk?
How come?
Miss Xu, don't force it
No, then get off
The little guitar must be holding on
So many people watching
Uncle, think of something
I'll be a guest
This is Seo Hee
Even when it comes to Aunt Chen
It's the brightest.
The most proud rose
It's impossible. It's impossible.
Xiaoxi is too amazing
Good looking
Qin is playing again
A thousand times stronger
Xiaoxi, are you a professional?
That's amazing.
I've actually been tutoring the violin.
To pay off debt
Also for their own selfishness
Miss, may I ask you to dance?
Miss, this is my card.
Let's go dancing too
Who gave you the courage?
Make you lose your identity
I declined the invitation of those two men
Mr. Shen
So?
I was going to give up.
You gave me the opportunity to identify
You think I don't know what your tricks are
learn